# Customer Experience Services
Backbase Customer Experience Services is a collection of back and front end components that you use to easily provide interactive experiences to your users.

- What is CXS and experience management - An experience is a web or mobile app that provides a single point of entry for your end user. Customer Experience Services (CXS) are essential backend services needed to create, manage and orchestrate experiences.

Customer Experience Services (CXS) are part of the Backbase platform, and cover all the essential services to create, manage, and orchestrate experiences.

An experience is a web or mobile app that provides a single point of entry for your end user to view content and use interactive applications. For example, online banking for retail customers from their desktop or mobile device. An experience contains pages, containers, widgets, and navigation. It may also contain images and campaign and targeting elements.

CXS encompasses the services to administer mobile and web apps for: configurations, content, targeting, publishing and editorial auditing. It provides the ability to compose and configure how your web and mobile banking experience is presented to your end users, as well as control access, navigation, content, page layouting, campaigning, and much more - essential aspects to deliver and maintain any digital banking experience.

The Experience Management Apps empower technical and non-technical staff, such as digital marketers and content editors, to take full control of their content. Easy to use content management capabilities and powerful targeting features give them the tools they need to monitor and optimize websites, web apps, and mobile apps. One of our key principles is to do all this without the risk of interrupting critical banking apps, and complimenting IT-lead delivery of new features via CI/CD.

- Features - You use apps to create and manage specialized experiences that supply your customer needs for information, marketing and interactive content.
  - App management: Aimed at Developers and Administrators, App Management focuses on managing complex applications: Single Page Angular applications and mobile apps. By offering an intuitive UI, it becomes easy to manage typical application behavior like routing, configuring widgets and defining application states.
  - Content management: Designed to empower content specialists, Content Management allows for content to be easily created, changed, reviewed and approved. You can manage text, structured content and images, as well as re-using existing content.
  - Campaign management: Aimed at marketers, who want to bring targeted messages to their customers and visitors, via the Backbase mobile app or site.
  - Page management: Targeting web-masters, site management entails creation and management of a site, including its navigation, page structure, layout and more, as well as publishing these changes for a public website.

- Technical concepts - To help deploy, adopt, and build your own experiences for a production environment, get a full understanding of the technology you need to use.

## How to use the REST API to add user groups
Append the REST API URLs listed in the table below to the following URL:
http://host:port/gateway/api/portal

Users with ADMIN role can create User Groups.
<group>
    <name>{group_name}</name>
    <description>{group_description}</description>
    <role>{USER|MANAGER}</role>
</group>
