# Customer Experience Services
Backbase Customer Experience Services is a collection of back and front end components that you use to easily provide interactive experiences to your users.

## What is CXS and experience management
An experience is a web or mobile app that provides a single point of entry for your end user. Customer Experience Services (CXS) are essential backend services needed to create, manage and orchestrate experiences.

Customer Experience Services (CXS) are part of the Backbase platform, and cover all the essential services to create, manage, and orchestrate experiences.

An experience is a web or mobile app that provides a single point of entry for your end user to view content and use interactive applications. For example, online banking for retail customers from their desktop or mobile device. An experience contains pages, containers, widgets, and navigation. It may also contain images and campaign and targeting elements.

CXS encompasses the services to administer mobile and web apps for: configurations, content, targeting, publishing and editorial auditing. It provides the ability to compose and configure how your web and mobile banking experience is presented to your end users, as well as control access, navigation, content, page layouting, campaigning, and much more - essential aspects to deliver and maintain any digital banking experience.

The Experience Management Apps empower technical and non-technical staff, such as digital marketers and content editors, to take full control of their content. Easy to use content management capabilities and powerful targeting features give them the tools they need to monitor and optimize websites, web apps, and mobile apps. One of our key principles is to do all this without the risk of interrupting critical banking apps, and complimenting IT-lead delivery of new features via CI/CD.

## Features 
You use apps to create and manage specialized experiences that supply your customer needs for information, marketing and interactive content.
  - App management: Aimed at Developers and Administrators, App Management focuses on managing complex applications: Single Page Angular applications and mobile apps. By offering an intuitive UI, it becomes easy to manage typical application behavior like routing, configuring widgets and defining application states.
  - Content management: Designed to empower content specialists, Content Management allows for content to be easily created, changed, reviewed and approved. You can manage text, structured content and images, as well as re-using existing content.
  - Campaign management: Aimed at marketers, who want to bring targeted messages to their customers and visitors, via the Backbase mobile app or site.
  - Page management: Targeting web-masters, site management entails creation and management of a site, including its navigation, page structure, layout and more, as well as publishing these changes for a public website.

- Technical concepts - To help deploy, adopt, and build your own experiences for a production environment, get a full understanding of the technology you need to use.

## How to use the REST API to add user groups
Append the REST API URLs listed in the table below to the following URL:
`http://host:port/gateway/api/portal`

Users with ADMIN role can create User Groups.

    <group>
        <name>{group_name}</name>
        <description>{group_description}</description>
        <role>{USER|MANAGER}</role>
    </group>


BE Essentials Notes
-------------------

## Modules
- Portal: object model
- Audit: auditing user experience manager actions
- Content: static resources
- Thumbnail: generate thumbnail
- Provisioning: import widgets
- Rendition
- Targeting: targeting info (e.g. campaigns) for users with specific data

## Object model hierarchy
- Page
  - App
   - Container
    - Container
    - Widget
   - Widget

## enable mocks on experiences
```js
localStorage.setItem('enableMocks', true)
```

## object model for peachtree bank
`http://localhost:8080/gateway/api/portals/peachtree-bank.json`

## pages
- `http://localhost:8080/gateway/cxp-manager`
- after defining Peachtree Bank
  - `http://localhost:8080/gateway/peachtree-bank`
  - `http://localhost:8080/gateway/api/portals/peachtree-bank.json`

## permissions
Permissions are inherited of parent, by default.  
Can customize by turning it off, then add permissions if needed.

## install data
- cx6-targeting:
  `mvn clean install -Pclean-database`
- statics:
  `mvn bb:provision && mvn bb:import-experiences && mvn bb:import-packages`
  (imports FE components from outside)

## update data
- statics:
  `mvn bb:provision && mvn bb:import-experiences && mvn bb:import-packages`

  q: does it reset associated info?


Permissions
-----------

Group                | Role               | Scope      | Description
---------------------|--------------------|------------|------------------------
Admin                | ADMIN              | Server     | A group with full access to Experience Manager (user, permissions and app management).
Manager              | MANAGER            | Experience | A group of managers with access to Experience Manager who can manage experience pages, layouts, and widgets.
Master page designer | MANAGER            | Experience | A manager group with access to Experience Manager that can also manage master pages.
Publisher            | MANAGER, PUBLISHER | Experience | A publisher group with access to Experience Manager for users that can form publication change-sets.
Approver             | MANAGER, APPROVER  | Experience | An approver group with access to Experience Manager to approve publication change-sets.
User                 | USER               | User       | A general group for visitors of an experience. These visitors have no access to Experience Manager.
Sys2sys              | SYS2SYS            | Server     | A systemic group that gives applications access to each other’s objects.

Group      | Role      | Scope | Description
-----------|-----------|-------|------------------------------------------------
Anonymous  | Anonymous | User  | The Anonymous role cannot be assigned to a group and is for non-authenticated users.
